Hey old lady, here you are
Long time no see!
Who are you?
It seems a little familiar, I'm Chu Chu's mother
Did you see it at the wedding?
In-laws, okay, sit down
Hey, why did you do something scary?
It was Chu Chu who asked me to take care of him
Do you need someone to take care of these 20-year-olds?
I'm in my 70s and I don't have a babysitter
What kind of decency is this?
It was Chu Chu who spoiled me since I was a child
To have a mother like you
I didn't teach him well since I was a child
Cause it to be like this
It's such a big deal for you to live in
Don't discuss it with me
I thought we were in-laws
It doesn't need to be said.
Our Fan family has the rules of the Fan family
Your daughter Chu Chu is ignorant
You should understand as a mother
You'd better not treat our Omori
What bad idea?
No, no.
Listen to me explain, okay, okay.
I don't want to hear it anymore. I'm tired.
I'll go back, let's hit the forest, I'll help you, no need.